Hello, everyone, today we will be sharing
two very good health insurance plans from ICICI Lombard.
If you are
looking for health insurance for yourself and are
confused about it, then this can clear your confusion. If
you are facing any problem for yourself, then
you must want to watch this video
because it has very good
features. Now, as you all know
that ICC has taken over Bharti AXA General Insurance
Company, the
insurance company. In this video, we
are covering both of them and
subscribing. Talking about entries, there is
no entry limit in both plans, whereas the
maximum number of entries can be made in six pairs.
Child entries
are 90 in both plans and the different style
health plan can be up to two and the health
advantage plan can be more. Talking about the association, you can select
any MS Word available between Rs. 5 lakh and Rs. 50 lakh in the help plan.
While in the school plan, you can select between Rs. 5 lakh and Rs. 5 lakh. There is
an option in the subscription that you can choose your free post.  You
can reduce your premium by reducing hospitalization, that is, here also you
can reduce your favorite hospitalization to 3468.
Talking about this treatment, that is, in
both Ayurveda Siddha Unani
products, you can now stay for up to 10 minutes. There are
some guidelines in this. If
you get treatment from here, it should either be a
government hospital or a
government approved center.
Talking about room rent limitation, there is no
limit or tension in both the products.
Organ donors can
stay for up to 10 minutes in both the products, but
in Help Shield, its maximum limit is capped.
Whatever you
claim for expenses for organ donor in Help Shield,
that will be your end absorption shot. For
example, if your sum
insured is 10 lakhs and if you have a sum insured of Rs. 10 lakhs for
organ donor, then
Rs. 7 lakhs will not be deducted from your 10 lakhs.
That end is now installed because there is a
very unique feature which is
your sum insured in Help Advantage.  The amount will be debited from the insured itself.
Reset is a very unique feature of the Beneficial Plan, in which
after merging your sum assured, you
can reset the same for unlimited times except 7 minutes.
In this, you have to keep in mind that it will
not provide coverage to the same person at the same time. For
example, if there are four members in the family and all four have
different requirements for
fertilization, then
you can get different treatments done simultaneously in the helpline
and as soon as that same amount is introduced, you can
also use the helpline against the same disease. In 2009,
once in a year policy means
you can click for up to 10 minutes, here
you will get the treatment done for the same person. You
can subscribe to the Animal Welfare Department and also ask for Animal Welfare. By doing this,
if you have any vaccination expenses,
then you can click on the Advantage Plan,
whereas this option is available in the Helpline.  If the
treatment is not available then it
means that if the policy holder
is in such a situation that he
cannot visit the chapter, in this case the bed is
not available, then in this situation the policy
holder can get the treatment done from his home,
which in both you can do for 10 minutes,
in taking no claim bonus help and it will
increase up to a maximum of 50% and if you
take it, then it decreases at the same speed at which it increases, you
can ride the claim bonus option on this, after which
now the
screen means
subscribe
maximum subscribe,
here also as you do, it
decreases at the same speed at which it increases, in advantage your no
claim bonus will increase by 20 percent of the minute,
here guaranteed no claim
bonus
means that once your no claim bonus
increases, if you click on it then
it will not decrease, if you do
not subscribe then it becomes 30 lakhs, this is a
very good feature, you
can subscribe to treatment when the
screen is open  You can
subscribe
that you will have to face a waiting period of 2 years
and in 2001 you can avail up to
50% off minister maximum after a waiting period of 3 years.
Surgery means
obesity surgery if the policy holder has a
problem due to obesity and
requires surgery then it can be used
but it should have home
and key
if any
policy holder can avail the benefit.
Talking about ambulance,
this is an option which you
can subscribe to if the accused will
not be there in yours, it will be
when in quantity plane you will have to
add it optionally i.e. you will have to
print extra money if you
want the benefit of air ambulance which
you can click for up to 10 minutes, it
is invested in subscription i.e. additional
sum
and goes up to 50 thousand rupees, so whatever claim
bonus is
received,
this
subscription is one per
cent of minute in both the plans and maximum
056 hospitalizations can be availed.
Talking about service then  You
can subscribe to both
playlists and get tested,
while Advantage
can subscribe to online chat
with doctors. In both plans, if
you need to consult a doctor, you
can chat online or call a
dietician or nutritionist. You can convert to both plans.
Talking about optional cover,
some options are available in both plans. You
can add a plain protractor to the helpline,
which means that whatever non-verbal
items there are, like buttons, gloves, pet
sanitizer, masks, try them, most companies do
not do this, that you have to add optionally,
which in Spain also you can
add the option to the helpline and it
is available at a very reasonable price. By
paying two to three percent premium, you
can track yours, for example,
if you
can do Kabir and it will be completed, you will
not have to pay anything from your pocket, you
can add the option available on the helpline, which will increase by 50%
and maximum up to 100 percent
and the speed at which it increases
If you click, it
also decreases at the same speed. This option is
not available in Advantage Play Store. You
can avail this in Hospital Delhi terms. It can be from
₹1000 to ₹3000. The
benefit policy holders can get Raghveer who is
admitted in the hospital
and you have to select it. It is
₹20000 and this is
that you will not have to pay any extra premium for this. You can
avail it in Nursing Home which can be ₹2000 to ₹3000.
Whereas this
benefit is not available in Help Advantage Plan. Critical Illness
Benefit Riders can do both. Personal
Accident can be selected in both.
OPD Benefit can be up
to 0.5 inch and maximum in Health Advantage.
If you do this it is optional.
In Subscribe, you give this option in its
name which everyone
can do in any of their policies.  In which
you can select the width of the benefits,
you can click for this
and
if you want a waiting period in this, then you
can also take it, for that you will have to pay a premium of 3 years
and if you
click on internet then the premium paid by you will be
refunded, you can
also add an optional newborn baby on this
and you can also get the vaccination of the baby in
this Health Advantage Plan which is one per cent of the plan and you can
click for the vaccination of the baby up to a maximum of Rs.10000, this option
is not available in Help Children, you can add the
option of co-payment in Health Advantage Plan, you select
any co-payment of 1028 centre,
after which
you will get a discount on the premium,
this option is not available in Help Line,
you have to keep in mind that for whatever optional
cover there is, you will have to pay an extra premium,
after that you can add Pure Pink optional
cover, if we talk about policy turnover, then there is a policy turnover of
one year or two in both the plans  One
year and three year options are available. The
waiting period is the same in both plans. There is a
one month waiting period for any kind
of fever or for any critical illness. The
waiting period for specific
diseases like cataract, stone, piles etc.
is after 2 years in both England.
But in the Help Advantage plan, you can add it
from 2 years to 40 years or
3 years, on which you will
get a discount on the cream. In Advantage, you
can also change the pre and post hospitalization for free to get a discount.
And if you want to make the 2 year
waiting period for cases like cataract, stone etc.
one year, then that
flexibility is also available in the Health Advantage plan.
It
is available in the premium themed plans. You have to keep in mind
that if you get treatment done at any other place, then
you will have to pay the amount which you get. This is
totally optional.  You
can subscribe and
claim tax benefit of Rs 2500 under section 80G.
If you feel that you have got the right plan, then you
can cancel your policy within the free look period which is 15 days and get a refund of all your money.
PVRC Bodyline send the battery to it. Help
Advantage Plan has TPA outsource in it because the
complete merger of Bhartiya
with ICU ward has not been done properly yet.
When this complete merger is done, then
after that ICC Kumar Ghat, this is the Now Sodhi
review. Such people should like two very good
insurance plans for floods. If
you liked the video, then
we keep bringing such school information, so please
like our channel and subscribe.
Thank you for watching.